# Hit or Miss

I should be clear from the start that I'm not batting in the dark here. I have fairly extensive experience in image and text processing, though my cryptography knowledge may be lacking. I'm relying pretty heavily on my technical knowledge to ensure that when I swing, I'll at least make contact. 

### Character Collection

To start off, I began work automating the task that I had attempted manually: transcribing the text. Though the text was not a character set I recognized, it did appear to have a consistent font and character size. Ideal conditions for a hit or miss filter! I started work immediately, painstakingly cropping each character out of whichever page they could be found. After a couple curious looks and shushed questions from my fellow D&D mates, I finally had all 32 characters of this mysterious language isolated.

### Alphabet Creation

Knowing that the imperfect borders produced by my cropping could introduce errors in later processes, I quickly wrote a script to load each image, binarize it, crop away any padding surrounding the character, and repad the image consistenly with 5 pixels in each direction. After running the first bit of code for this project, I was ready to move on to the first real challenge to tackle.

### 

I had the pages, I had the characters, it was time to start the identification! I began by searching strictly for exact matches between my alphabet and each page. As expected, small differences (possibly caused by JPEG artifacts affecting the binarization process) resulted in many missed characters. With this simple method proven inadequate, I moved on to the next easiest process: dilation with a 3x3 kernel and searching with the dilated image. Unfortunately, this method resulted in too many false positives. Moving on to the algorithm I expected would be necessary, 
